The car accident is caused tremendous blood loss in your grandson.
He's AB negative blood, which is a very, very blood type.
But the blood bank is running low.
Well, then take the brought blood.
The fraternal twins got the same blood type.
But Ms. Clara's head injury is severe if we take more blood.
I don't care if she lives or dies. She's a demon.
She's better off dead.
Drain her if you have to.
Just save my grandson.
You do that. And I'll see that you're promoted.
The boy is stable for now.
But Ms. Clara has lost a lot of blood.
She may not make it.
If she doesn't make it, dump her.
She's cursed, and I don't want her death on to me.
Mom, is your grandchild?
How could you take her blood?
Shut up.
She's cursed.
My son drowned last year because of her.
And now she almost killed Caleb.
Mom, Simon died of swimming.
And Caleb has heard in a car crash.
Clara's a victim too.
Can't blame.
No.
She is a demon.
Do you really want her around bringing more misery to this family?
She should be grateful that her blood saved our Caleb.